Iran has rejected Israeli allegations
it's behind the hijacking of a ship by
Yemen's houthis the vessel is reportedly
owned by an Israeli businessman let's
speak to dula Jabari she joins us live
from tahan so what else are they
saying well we've heard from the Iranian
foreign Ministry spokesperson nasar
Kanani during his weekly briefing uh he
had denials and uh warnings uh about the
current situation that is unfolding uh
in this region the foreign Ministry
spokesperson said that there is the
escalation that we're seeing is as a
result of America's full support for
Israel and these resistance groups are
operating out of their own uh
independent will there Iran has no part
uh in deciding how they proceed let's
listen into what else he has to
say these accusations are void and are
due to the terrible situation that the
Zionist regime is dealing with we have
repeatedly announced that resistance
groups in the region are representatives
of their Nations and they make decisions
based on their own interests these
comments are aimed at projecting and
escaping from the terrible situation
that the Israeli regime is facing the
Zionist regime cannot accept that it
suffered a strategic and serious defeat
from a resistance group in Gaza and it
makes efforts in different ways to cover
and justify the defeat by accusing Iran
and
others the denials by the foreign
Ministry uh is not unexpected with heard
this line from Iranian officials that
they are not uh coordinating any kind of
movement or uh attacks by the resistance
groups in the region we also heard from
the Iranian foreign minister Hussein
Amir Abdullah hyan earlier on Sunday who
said that H this is just the first stage
of what the resistance is a capable of
and that there if the war in Gaza
continues there could be a new uh
Dynamic and a new reality in this region
all right thanks so much DSA Jabari you